What if I told you there were a way that
you could get more leads than you're
currently [music] getting? Sell more of
those leads overall without increasing
any of your advertising at all. I'm
Alexi. I own acquisition.com. It's a
portfolio of companies that last year
did over $250 million in aggregate
revenue. And [music] the strategy I'm
going to share is something that most
businesses don't do and the few
businesses that do it do it wrong. And
so most people send traffic to their
website [music] and immediately ask
people to buy something or just like
submit for a quote. But here's the
problem. I'm like, most visitors aren't
ready to buy yet and so they just leave
and they never come back. I mean, if you
think about it for you, I often don't go
to sites that I'm just just finding out
about where it says submit for quote.
I'm just like, ah, that's a lot, right?
And so, what I'm about to show you has
generated many millions of dollars
across our portfolio companies and I've
used it in every business we've invested
in and ones that I haven't invested in.
And so, in this video, I'm going to show
you what it is, why it matters, and how
to implement in your business. So, what
is it? A few months back, I did a deep
dive with Ashley, who is a fashion
personal stylist, right? And so, when we
went to her site, she had the classic,
you know, just book a call, right? CTA
or just ask for a quote. But the thing
is is that that really only works if you
already have an informed audience. So,
if people already know who you are,
they've already gotten value from you,
then you can for sure just say, "Hey,
come buy my thing or come find out
more." Right? But if you're sending
traffic there and you don't have as much
traffic or it's not as warm, then you
want to have something that is a better
reason for them to give their contact
information. Because if you think about
like what is the objective of submit for
a quote or book a call, the only
objective of that step is to capture
their contact information and then if
you have a booking to get them to book
automatically, but fundamentally it's a
lead capture objective. We should then
ask ourselves, well, is there anything
else we could do that would increase the
likelihood that we would capture the
lead as long as the way that we're
capturing the lead indicates that they'd
be interested in buying our stuff. To be
clear, what I'm suggesting is that you
offer something kind of like a mini
offer that's a complete solution to a
narrow problem. And so, it's typically
lower cost or free just to see who's
interested and raises their hand, right?
And then once you solve the problem,
once that little mini offer solves it,
it reveals another problem that's solved
by your core offer. And this is
important because leads interested in
lowerc cost or free offers now are more
likely to buy a related higher cost
offer later. And if that sounded really
well said, it's because I wrote it ahead
of time on page 31 in the leads book. I
talk about this concept in the book at
length. And it's because so many
businesses lack this. And I think part
of it is because you can show that you
have success if you just say, "Hey, come
buy my thing." But if you want to
dramatically increase the number of
customers that you have access to, then
if you have, like I said, you know,
let's say you have 10 people that you
say, "Hey," or let's say 100 people. So
you have 100 people and you say, "Hey,
come buy my thing." Right? Maybe you get
one of those people to raise their hand
and say, "Yay, you can I'll give you
money. Here's my big bag of money. Yay."
Right? I'll do that. But if we have
those same hundred people and we say,
"Hey, you don't have to buy anything. I
just want to help you out." And then
after we help them out, we say, "Hey,
now do you want to buy something?" Then
all of a sudden, we're going to get that
many people with our little money sign,
but we might get three to five times
that amount of people. And that's where
the real magic is. And so the beauty of
this is that you're actually not going
to get more traffic. You're just going
to convert a higher percentage of it.
And this is why it's such an easy
strategy for businesses to do. And you
can do it immediately. you don't have to
spend any more money on marketing. It
literally just drops to your bottom
line. Like if you improve conversion,
you just make more money. So, let me
tell you the first time I had this big
breakthrough for myself. So, in April of
2016, I paid, you know, $25,000 to be in
this group and everybody there told me
to do a webinar. And I did a webinar and
it didn't work. Now, to be clear, so
let's say that webinars didn't work. I
didn't have the skill at the time to do
one. And so, I saw this dude just
scrolling on my on my feed that said
free case study on how I spent $1 and
made $120,000 in a weekend. Right? So, I
saw this case study and I was like,
"Huh?" And so when I when I opted in and
watched it, the guy just did a screen
recording of like how he did it. And I
was like, "Well, that's pretty cool." I
was like, "I could do that, right?" And
so I swapped out my webinar for just a
video with a headline that said, "Free
case study, how we added 213 members to
a gym and $112,000 in San Diego, right?
To a small gym in San Diego." And as
soon as I did that, the next morning,
Ila asked me, she's like, "What did you
do?" And I was like, "What? What
happened?" And she was like, "My
calendar's full." I was like, "Really?"
My lesson on that was like, cuz a
webinar could be perceived as a lead
magnet depending on how it's positioned.
The thing is is that the more advanced
your audience, the more they'll probably
understand it's a sales pitch. So, the
less likely it's to convert to a more
business owner audience or more
sophisticated audience. But when I just
said, "Hey, here's this thing. Consume
it on your own time. Let me just show
you what I did." A lot of people were
really interested in that. And they were
way more willing to exchange their
contact information. And so, even if,
for example, you say, "You know what? I
am going to give up, you know, a little
a little lead magnet, if you will, on
the front end. If it doesn't work, it
doesn't mean lead mags don't work. It
just means that that lead magnet didn't
work. Just like the headline for an ad,
it doesn't mean ads don't work. It just
means that that ad didn't work. And so,
this is why I'm actually so adamant
about testing the wrapping or the
packaging of a lead magnet even more
than the stuff inside of it, right?
Because you can change how many people
want your lead magnet by 2, three, 10x
simply changing the headline of your
lead magnet itself rather than changing
any of the contents. And so provided the
contents do clearly solve a problem for
the person, it's really just about how
we package it so that they want it. So
here's why lead magnets work. So if you
ever been to Costco, right, why do they
have all these food samplers at the end
of every aisle, right? On one level, you
could say there's some level of
reciprocity, but you know, I think I
don't know if that's the main reason
people then go buy after they have a
piece of teriyak chicken. It's because
they try it and they're like, "That's
good. Maybe I'll have more of that." And
so there's a number of different types
of lead magnets that you can employ that
where you give someone a tester is a
small piece of something that's much
bigger. It's a sample or a trial, right?
That's category one. Category two would
be a one step in a multi-step process,
right? So if I say, "Hey, we're going to
turn your style around like Ashley
does." Well, the first thing you're
going to need in that process is going
to be like some colors that we can say
these go well with you. And so that's
the first thing. But once you have the
colors, you're like, "Okay, but I don't
know what tops and bottoms and how do I
do formally and informally." It's like
you're going to have other problems that
are come after that. So you just solve
this very specific problem that then
leads to other problems. Or the third is
what I would just consider the
assessment, the revealing of a problem,
right? And the the easiest example I can
think of is, hey, free website speed
test and someone does the test and they
realize that their website speed is
slow, in which case your core offer is
how to fix it, right? And so any of
these three things or combinations of
them can be a really effective lead
magnet. So what we're changing is going
from asking, "Hey, just buy my thing,"
to, "Do you want this free thing?" And
so then once they've consumed it, you
can just say, "Hey, did you like the
free thing?" Then if you did, you're
going to love this paid thing because
now you have their contact info. And the
main reason that this works is because
when someone pays with time now, they're
more likely to pay with money later. And
so we want them to invest, but we just
want to make them have an easier
investment first, a lower barrier
investment, so that increases the
likelihood they make a higher investment
later. And again, for those of you who
are like, man, lead magnets don't work.
No, they do. They they totally do. Bad
lead magnets don't work. And the problem
is when you're starting out, you just
don't know that you suck. And so then
you think this didn't work. So kind of
like the example I gave with webinars.
Webinars totally work. It was just I
didn't have the skill to make a webinar
work. I had the skill to make a lead
magnet. And so much easier skill to just
say, "Hey, let me screen record and show
you how I ran this campaign and these
are the results." Very straight. It was
not very difficult for me to do trying
to figure out this magical box of like
how do I get these people to show and
then how do I do this whole razledazzle
to get someone to take out their credit
card and buy the I was like, "Oh my god,
this is impossible." But just getting
someone to opt in so I can just call
them up and say, "Hey, how'd you like
that thing? Do you want me to do that
thing at your place and I'll give you a
risk-free offer so if I don't perform,
you don't have to pay?" Not that tough,
right? At least significantly easier
than what I was trying before. And so
you're like, "Okay, well maybe maybe
you're half half sold on this." Because
right now, if you don't have one of
these, you were making less money than
you otherwise could. And you're making
less money than you otherwise could
because you're getting fewer leads than
you otherwise could get. Now, some of
you might be like, "Well, I don't want
freebie seekers and tire kickers." Okay.
Well, guess what? You don't have to give
the lead mags to everybody. You can only
give to people who are qualified. Crazy.
You just add a drop down that makes
somebody qualified and then redirect the
people who are qualified to the good
thing and direct people who are not
qualified to the other thing that might
they might be qualified for. What other
objections would you have around this?
Well, yeah, I don't want freebie
seekers. Well, we can qualify the leads.
Duh. Well, I don't want to give away too
much value. This is a real thing. Sort
of. So, we don't want to give away We
don't want to solve the problem our core
product solves with the free thing. That
should seem obvious, but we do
absolutely want to solve a problem that
leads to our core issue. Basically, we
want to make sure that the person is
deprived of the thing that we sell and
that that deprivation is triggered by
solving the first issue. Now, that
sounds super complicated, but if you go
to a restaurant and eat a big entree,
and then after you eat the entree, they
say, "Hey, do you want another entree?"
You might say no. Not because the first
thing was bad, but because you already
satisfied that need. And so what you
might not have satisfied was your
dessert, you know, desire. And so at
that point, they could sell you the
dessert. Now, in a business, we would
just want the dessert to be
significantly more expensive than the
entree. And the entree would be able to
give away for free or at cost. And so
that's the the the big misunderstanding
that people have is you want to sell at
the point of greatest deprivation. When
someone hasn't drank water in a while,
that's when you want to sell them the
water. But the moment after you give
them the water is not has no indication
of whether your water was good or not.
They're just not thirsty anymore. But
maybe after they're thirsty, they want
some food. And so at that point, you
would then sell the food. So you might
be thinking, "All right, I get it." And
you know, give away something up front
and hope that people will likely buy
after. Got it. But what do I actually
give away? So I I briefly touched on
those three. Let's dive into them in
more detail so you can actually do this.
All right. So type one is reveal a
problem. All right. I personally love
these type of lead magnets. Like if you
ever have the opportunity to build one
of these for your business, like
exceptional. It literally creates
deprivation, right? So you just say,
"Hey, here's a problem that you didn't
know existed or you knew it existed. Let
me tell you how bad it is." Right? And
so just immediately you just increase
the deprivation of where they are versus
where they could be. Now, bonus points
for not only saying you have a problem,
but also saying this is what it could
look like if you had it solved and
here's the delta. And so I my favorite
B2B example is the the website example I
gave, which is, you know, if I'm
offering free, you know, free website
speed tests to business owners and they
didn't know their site was slow and then
I say, "Hey, on average for every second
of load time, you lose 3% of your
conversion." And so, right now, we know
that our services could take you from a
9-second load time to a 3second load
time. That's 18% increase. So what could
you do with an increase of 18% of your
business? They might be like, "A lot."
And I'd be like, "Now relative to your
revenue, the 18% increase compared to
what I'm charging for websites is
nothing. How soon do you want me to
start?" And so this works great for
problems that get worse while waiting,
right? Posture analysis, right? If
you're like, "Oh man, your posture's
bad, but it's only going to get worse."
Right? Termite inspections, like they're
already active, but it's only going to
get worse. Financial audits, hey, your
your back on taxes or your cash flow is
bad. it's only going to get worse,
right? Is that you want to have things
because that builds in urgency. So that
deprivation actually increases with
every second after they find out. I'll
give you an example. So one of my
highest converting ads of all time for
Allen, our software company, was four
reasons why you'll never have a
million-doll agency. And what was crazy
about that is just increased deprivation
for the outcome that most of the people
wanted, who we were selling to, which
were small SMB lead genen agencies. And
so once we listed out the reasons, many
of them were like, shoot, all four of
these reasons I'm also suffering from.
And so if you can be very clear about
the reasons that they're not going to
achieve it, they also will assume that
you can help them solve it, which
hopefully you can. And so you're going
to be incredibly specific on the
negatives and then what that allows you
to do is be significantly vagger on the
positives, which allows you to market
more compliantly, but also set more
realistic expectations. If I can
perfectly nail all the problems in your
life and you're like, "Oh my god, this
is me. I can just and I and I just said,
I can help you with that." You'd
probably be like, "Yeah, I believe you."
Right? rather than trying to increase
and promise and set these crazy
expectations, just nail someone where
they're at. And so that's why the reveal
a problem is so important because one,
they it exacerbates the existing problem
and two, you just show how much it's
going to continue to increase and they
will lose over time. The second is a
free trial. All right, this is the this
is the classic taste test. This is the
classic try before you buy. All right,
now this is as old as time and I think
that there are there are better and
worse ways to do this. My this is the
Costco sampler. This is the teriyak
chicken. This is the the trying room if
you will at the clothing store. So many
businesses have free trials and they do
that because they're the lowest barrier.
Like are you going to want it? And so
what we actually have to do here and
this is where it gets a little bit
interesting is that we want to give them
something and then basically have a full
loop to the end of the trial where they
will be deprived if we remove it. So,
it's almost like, hey, let me like,
let's say we take a normal person and we
say, hey, [clears throat] here's crack
cocaine, right? All of a sudden, they
might not have had deprivation around
crack cocaine, but let's say they try
crack cocaine. And then as soon as you
remove crack cocaine, all of a sudden
they want crack cocaine. And let's see
how many times I can say crack cocaine.
All right? And so the point here is that
the free trial just makes the barrier so
low that people can try something and
then the idea of us removing it is what
then gets them to convert. So it's like
we we we give them the solution and then
take the solution away in order to
create the deprivation to get them to
buy. And so typically here you're going
to be limiting some aspect of the the
product or service. you're going to
limit the number of uses, the the
quantity, the time, or some combination
of those. So, it's a x day trial, or you
get this number of hits, if you will.
And all of those things kind of
combined, and sometimes you can combine
them together to make it even more
compelling. So, when we own gym launch,
one of the things that we would do in
order to get people to basically roll
into our higher level services is that
they would, you know, basically buy the
system that we had for monetization,
which is how to make the gym more
profitable. But then along that time,
we'd say, "Hey, we'll actually give you
agency services for free for four
months." And then after that fourmonth
period, once they were kind of like,
"Okay, wow, this is great. I get these
leads and I have a system for monetizing
them." After that point in time, you're
like, "Well, I still want leads." And
we'd be like, "Yeah, but now you can pay
for them, right?" And so it's basically
a built-in upsell on the back end
because they'd had four months of
getting used to having these leads just
dropped into their doorstep. And so that
created the deprivation where at the end
they're like, "Well, I want that to keep
happening." Right? So that's the second
one. The third one is one of my
favorites personally, which is the one
step
of many, right? One step of a multi-step
process. And so, this is particularly
effective when you have more complex
products and services. All right? And
so, you know, the classic example is
like if you have multiple coats of paint
that you're going to be putting on on a
garage, you could sell the first one.
It's like, well, you're going to need
these other ones, right? A classic one
would be like if you're doing hair
removal for like laser hair, right? For
for, you know, a med spa. It's like,
well, it takes six to eight sessions to
actually get completely removed. And so
you doing one session is kind of
worthless on its own. So when someone
comes in, they come in for one and you
upsell the rest of them, right? If you
give the first two videos away in a
comprehensive course, those are things
that would also function the same way.
One step of many, right? And so
hopefully now you know what a lead
magnet is, why it's important, and the
three types of lead magnets that work.
And so now, how do you actually deliver
it? And so there's four ways to deliver
a lead magnet. So number one is software
or tools, right? You give them a tool
that they can use to get that that does
a job for them, right? And so examples
of these are like spreadsheets that
calculate things, assessment tools,
templates, or just like software itself.
So I'll give you a good example. So Neil
Patel has a really awesome one on his
site where he basically has a little
tool that you put in your URL and then
it tells you, you know, it does a little
assessment of the site based on the URL
that you give it, right? It's a little
tool and then obviously on the back end
it can collect your information, right?
And so there's tons of these examples,
but that is one of the most classic
ones. So if you have ways that you can
say, "Hey, you're going to be in one of
these four categories once you answer
these this information." You want some
sort of tool that that can assess or
give them some sort of answer to a
question, right? Or does a job for them.
All of these things are ways to fulfill
the other three things. Like you can use
software to reveal a problem, you can
use software to do a free trial, or you
can use software to be one step of many.
All of those things work. Now the second
is information. All right. Now this is a
very classic one and it's because it
costs nothing to do and can also be very
valuable. This is where I think
information is really exceptional as a
lead magnet is because it's infinitely
scalable. It provides tremendous value.
You can create deprivation and there's
basically no operational drag to do it.
Fundamentally all we're doing is
teaching them something valuable. And so
examples of this would be like mini
courses, guides, interviews with experts
and again templates but that are not
dynamic templates that just work, right?
And so I'll give you my classic example
here is my scaling road map. So this is
maybe a combination of the tool and the
information. So you go through the tool
and then it gives you the assessment
which will then be information. But
again, these are not static concepts
like you can combine them. And so for
example, if you would like to figure out
what stage of scaling you're currently
at, the problems you're dealing with
right now, and exactly how to solve
them, we created this $100 million
scaling road map after studying all the
businesses that we looked at for 200
plus hours to find those common themes.
This is my free gift to you. You can
enter information and if you want my
team to actually look at your business,
you can book a one-on-one call where we
will help. [laughter]
We will help and then we'll invite you
out here if it makes sense for you to
come out to our headquarters. So, you
can go through mine as an example. And I
think it's pretty good. Isn't that
pretty good? It's [__] awesome and we
spent a really long time on it and you
will get a lot of value from it. So,
with that being said, that leads me to
the third way of delivering this is
services. Now, I think this people sleep
on this so hard, right? From a lead mag
perspective, do work for free. Create
lots of goodwill. People again get
really bent out of shape on this free
services one because they're like, I
don't want to do work for free. All
these freebie seekers. Again, only do
the free work for people who are
qualified. That's it. So, let me ask you
something different. I want you to
imagine in your head your perfect lead,
right? The perfect c, you know, perfect
type of customer. It's like they'd have
they'd have the budget, right? They have
the authority to make the decision. They
clearly need it and they want to act
now, right? Well, if you just only give
the services away to people who agree to
those things up front, that's probably a
good idea. What's not a good idea is
giving it to somebody who's broke, who
can't make a decision, doesn't really
need it, and is kind of like not sure if
they want to do it now or not, probably
a terrible waste of your time. So, all
of these things, you want to use them,
just use them for the right prospects.
And so, this is where free audits with
some level of implementation, same day
service delivery, done some any sort of
done for you component. And the way that
you have to think about this, I'll give
you some math mind it. So, let's say it
cost you one hour of labor, right? They
actually pay somebody else to do in
order to give something valuable away.
Now, let's say that $25 is your hard
cost, but what people would
realistically charge for this, and this
happens all the time in services, is you
you could probably charge $250 plus for
something like this. Not a bad like
pretty decent offer. $250 bucks for free
where there's real service, real person
does work. That's fairly compelling.
Now, let's say that we get one out of
four of these people who you give this
$250 thing away for to do it. Well, what
does that mean? Our cost to acquire a
customer is 25 time four. And so, would
we be willing to give away a lead magnet
to four people to get one to buy? Would
I be willing to pay $100 to get a
customer? Well, provided I'm making a
lot more than $100 in the customer,
probably. So, not a bad idea. And so for
my very first business, to give you an
idea, I trained people for free for a
year. I called it the free training
project. And I did that because I wanted
to get a bunch of testimonials. And then
once I got a bunch of testimonials, then
I showed the world the testimonials.
More people did it. And they did in
exchange for money. In fact, it worked
so well that after the year of time that
I worked with those people for free, I
said, "Hey, I have too much demand. Do
you want to pay me now?" And almost all
of them said yes. That's what's like
people were like, "Oh, they're all
freebie seekers." like no they actually
they were all happy to pay and that was
that right? So don't get like if you get
the if you get the right people they
will continue to stay and pay provided
you do a good job. So that leads me to
my fourth uh fourth way to deliver a
lead magnet
which is physical right physical
products. And what's interesting again
here is that you can combine these
things. So what do you think what do you
think these books are? These are lead
magnets, right? Fundamentally, now
obviously they're incredibly valuable.
And after you solve your offer problem
and you make something that way more
people want to buy and then you make
more money, what are you going to want?
You're going to want to figure out ways
to advertise that and get even more
people to find out about it. And if
anytime you're like, "Hey, I would love
help to just speed this process." You
can call us, right? And if you're like,
"Hey, I've done all of your stuff and I
went from, you know, 1 million to 50
million a year. I'd love to in, you
know, have you guys invest with us and
partner, then that's why we do all this
stuff, right? It's a very long game."
And so you can absolutely have something
that's a physical product and
information, right? Or the scaling road
map is software plus information, right?
You can combine these as many times as
you want, but these are fundamentally
kind of the categories that I think are
when I'm like, okay, I get what I want
to do now. How am I going to do it? But
I'll give you a completely different
example. So if you wanted to give away,
let's say you go to a conference and you
give a hat away to anyone that says that
they're a CEO, that says CEO, right? CEO
is pretty e, you know, ego driven or a
shirt that says CEO with lots of O's and
zero dollar signs afterwards. A lot of
people would do that. It's like, hey,
but in order to get the shirt, you got
to prove that you're CEO. So now I get
an incredibly qualified list of CEOs
that I gave a physical product to,
right? And so the idea here is like just
think what would somebody who is the
type of person that I'm looking for want
and then can I just give that to them?
And how much does it cost me for a
t-shirt? Three bucks, four bucks, fine.
And maybe maybe I convert only one out
of 20 of those. $100 for a CEO feels
like a good idea. So once we figure out
what problem it solves, four ways to
deliver that thing. The next is how are
we going to name it? So this one is so
slept on. People underestimate the value
of this by a mile. And so I'm going to
have you not underestimate it and
appropriately value this, which is name
your lead magnet the right way.
And I'm going to tell you the real
secret to this.
You ask your audience. All right? So,
this might seem minor to you, but it's
massive. Right? How you how you name
your lead magnet will determine your
engagement rate more than anything else.
Right? When I ran my first gym, I had
something called my big booty boot camp.
Right? Now, why would I call it that?
Because six week deadlift and squat
seminar doesn't really convert with
chicks, who was my primary audience at
the time, right? And so, again, was it
the same thing? Yes. All I did was
deadlift, squat, and hip thrust. Like
that was that was primarily what I did
over that six week period for them and
taught them as main moves. But if I had
made my marketing about that, they'd
have been like, "Yeah." But if I said,
"Hey, who wants big beautiful round
glutes?" They were like, "I do." And I'm
like, "Cool. This is just the way we're
going to get you there." Like, I'm not
going to advertise the vehicle. I'm
going to advertise the result. And so
now big booty boot camp might have been
something that attracted a certain type
of woman. If I said tight and toned
booty, tight and toned glutes before I
said bubble butt, right? Bubble Butt
Boot Camp that might have attracted a
different person. The thing is is that
you can just test these names out so you
can figure out which one not only
attracts the most leads but ideally the
highest quality leads. And so this is
how I actually test them. So I get super
clear on who my avatar is and then I run
small ad tests comparing the headlines.
Now if you don't have the capital for
that or the money, you can just pull
your audience. So if you have a hundred
people who follow you, you can put it in
your stories and say, "Hey, help me out
here. I'm trying to name my lead magnet.
Let me know which one sounds better for
you." Now again, you want only the
people who are the type of person that
you're advertising to to respond. So you
could say before you introduce it, by
the way, if you're not a business owner,
please don't answer. If you're like, I I
don't even have an audience. Don't
worry, I got you. The next thing you can
do is just open up your phone and then
you use this amazing device and then you
text. So you just text people and you
say, "Hey, which one do you want?" Or
you just make a post and say, "Hey,
comment A or B underneath of it." Right?
There's all these different ways that
you can do it. And maybe you combine two
or three of those ways in order to get a
close enough directional response. This
book, $100 million leads, I split test
six different headlines for this to get
$und00 million leads because I looked at
advertising. I looked at promotion, I
looked at marketing, and here's the cool
part. I actually show the results of the
test inside the book. So, I split test
the names, I split tested the image that
I was going to use, and on top of that,
I split test the sub headlines. And so,
I I did that because I want to make sure
it's going to be a winner out the bat.
If I'm going to spend two years writing
the book, I can spend two days testing
the headline, which is sadly going to
influence how many people buy it more
than anything with one caveat in the
short term. In the long term, it's the
stuff between both of the the front and
back cover that's going to be the thing
that does it over the long term because
word of mouth, especially in in the book
world, is really the only thing that
matters long term. Anyone can launch a
book. Very pe few people can launch a
book that continues to sell. So, I'll
give you a few naming conventions that
work well. So number one is number plus
outcome plus time frame. So that'd be
like three emails that can turn cold
leads into clients in 24 hours. All
right. The second would be something
like how to do X or how to yay without
boo if you greatest insecurity. So yay
means good thing, boo means bad thing,
right? So how to build a funnel without
hiring copyriter even if you've never
done it before, right? Or even if this
is your first time. Next would be you
know the adjective type that good thing,
right? So, the lazy funnel template that
converts like crazy. The next one would
be X mistakes. Now, there's a bunch of
different ways you can do this one. I
gave an example of it earlier, like
four, you know, four mistakes that are
keeping your business under a million
dollars a year. It works great. But
another version of this could be like
three mistakes you're probably making,
five ad copy mistakes that are killing
your conversion rate. Just put X
mistakes that
prevent
Good thing.
Cool. See, they're killing your PTR,
it's killing your business, it's
preventing you from getting this goal,
whatever it is, is like these are the
mistakes that keep people broke. So, now
that you have a lead magnet, you know
the objective, you know how to deliver
it, and you know how to name it. The
last step is how do you make money with
it. So, now you just got to ask them to
buy. And so, this is where most people
fail, right? They create the great lead
magnet, but then they forget the call to
action, right? So, what do you want
people to do after they consume your
lead magnet? And so, the the formula for
for call to actions is so simple. The
only thing simpler is not doing it,
which is what most people do. And not
only do they not do it, they don't do it
often enough. So even if they do it
once, they forget to do it again and
again and again. And I'll give you a fun
little stat that they found about sales
people is that the sales people who ask
the most times get the most deals. And
so in your marketing, you want to ask as
many times as you can. Here's the
caveat. How do you ask so many times
without turning someone off, right?
Because if all you do is ask, then
eventually they're like, you don't have
the opport they'll they'll stop giving
you the opportunity to ask. So you want
to maximize your ability to ask times
the amount of times you ask. And so
maximizing your ability to ask means
that you're continually providing value
between your asks. And so you need to
increase your value per second so that
people are like, I'm willing to hear
this ask because I just got value and I
will probably get value after this. The
formula for CTA is very straightforward.
Number one is you want it to be clear,
not clever. Be very clear. This is
exactly want what I want you to do.
Clear direct CTA.
then
exact
next
action
and then three reason
to do now. In all CTAs, you can still
use scarcity, urgency, or both in order
to incentivize someone to act. Now, now
I'll be straight with you. It's great if
you've got it, but if you don't have
scarcity urgency, you just at least want
to make the CTA. So, I'll give you a
simple example. So, I have within this
book or all the books. All right, turn
to a magic page. How about that? At the
end of every chapter, I have right here
a CTA, free gift, everything I learned
from XYZ. And then they click that or
you can click that and you go to my site
acquisition.com where you can watch more
stuff about that. But on my site, you're
getting one step closer to becoming a
portfolio company. We're coming out for
for for a workshop that we have every
month. You could do any of those things,
right? But we want to start walking them
down the process. And so I will give you
a little tidbit on number three is that
the reason you can always have the
urgency is just an additional great
reason to do it now or the scarcity is
an additional great reason. But having
any reason is better than no reason at
all. Right? So there's tons of, you
know, research on this, but like people
were trying to cut in line at a
university and they said, "Hey, can I
cut you?" And people were like, "No." If
you said, "Hey, can I cut you because
I'm late for class?" People would say
yes. If they said, "Hey, can I cut you
because I have a dog?" People would
still say yes. Even though it made no
sense, wild. So, we want to use that
same logic to get more people to respond
to our thing. Ideally, we want the
reason to make sense. But even if it
doesn't make sense, it'll still work
better than no sense. So, it's my
one-year anniversary of being in
business, and this is the promotion, so
do this thing. Hey, my daughter just
lost her first tooth, so I'm running a
promotion here. Go get this thing. Hey,
it's National Dog Day. If you have a
dog, you should do this more than
anybody else. It doesn't matter, right?
So, I'll give you an example. If you
were in the fitness industry, obviously
I came from there. If you're a fitness
coach and you only have like so many
spots, which you probably do, then tell
people that they have to sign up now or
they'll have to wait for until the next
spots open up, right? And so, here's the
cool thing about anything that's a
service business. So, this is unique to
service, but 78% of businesses are
service, so this probably applies to
you, which is that you do not have
unlimited capacity. If I said, "Okay,
can you take a,000 customers tomorrow?"
you're probably saying no. So you do
actually have a capacity limit. It might
be four, right? If four more customers
will get you to capacity, then say so
because the thing is is that you assume
that they know how big your business is
and they don't. So if you're a small
business, leverage that so that you have
scarcity based on your existing small
constraints. And if you're a big
business, you're like, well, I don't I
have, you know, I have a huge amount of
capacity. Then what you can do is you
can have cohorts that roll. So you can
say, hey, I can only start this many
people per week. and then you still back
into some sort of capacity or if you
want to get into this group of people,
you should do it this Friday. And so
what do we do here? How do we how do we
how do we operationalize this? So one is
we give value first, which is the whole
spirit of the lead magnet. Now we give
value by revealing a problem, giving a
free trial or giving them one step of
many. We then have four ways to deliver
that magnet which is software,
information, services, physical products
or combinations of those. We name it in
a compelling way, which you can use any
of these for, or just ask your audience
what they would find interesting, which
is a great way to test this. And then
finally, make sure that you embed CTAs
within your lead magnet and before and
after lead magnet so that you increase
the likelihood that they buy your